README.md, before:

# 👋 Hello World, I'm **[Apoorva](https://apoorvakashyap.github.io/)!! <img src="https://github.com/TheDudeThatCode/TheDudeThatCode/blob/master/Assets/Earth.gif" width="32px" alt="Spinning Earth">**

<a href="mailto:apoorvakashyap54@gmail.com">
    <img align="left" alt="Apoorva Kashyap | GMail" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.13.0/icons/gmail.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/apoorvakashyap54/">
    <img align="left" alt="Apoorva Kashyap | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://replit.com/@ApoorvaKashyap">
    <img align="left" alt="Apoorva Kashyap | Repl.it" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.13.0/icons/repl-dot-it.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/kashyap_apoorva">
    <img align="left" alt="Apoorva Kashyap | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />
</a>
<br />

---

## **About Me**

<!--
**ApoorvaKashyap/ApoorvaKashyap** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

### **Languages and Tools:**  

<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" alt="VS Code">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" alt="HTML5">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" alt="CSS">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" alt="Python">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/cpp/cpp.png" alt="C++">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" alt="SQL">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/android/android.png" alt="Android">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" alt="Git">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" alt="Github">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" alt="Terminal">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/ubuntu/ubuntu.png" alt="Ubuntu">
</code>

---

Commit message:

Added Stats and Some Info

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hello World, I'm **[Apoorva](https://apoorvakashyap.github.io/)!! <img src="https://github.com/TheDudeThatCode/TheDudeThatCode/blob/master/Assets/Earth.gif" width="32px" alt="Spinning Earth">**

<a href="mailto:apoorvakashyap54@gmail.com">
    <img align="left" alt="Apoorva Kashyap | GMail" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.13.0/icons/gmail.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/apoorvakashyap54/">
    <img align="left" alt="Apoorva Kashyap | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://replit.com/@ApoorvaKashyap">
    <img align="left" alt="Apoorva Kashyap | Repl.it" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.13.0/icons/repl-dot-it.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/kashyap_apoorva">
    <img align="left" alt="Apoorva Kashyap | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />
</a>
<br />

---

## **About Me**

<!--
**ApoorvaKashyap/ApoorvaKashyap** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:-->
Hi! I am Apoorva Kashyap. 

I am sorta explorer in today's sea of coding languages and tools, with a deep interest in anything open source coz that means a lot of tweaking and suiting my needs of the hour.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on completing the [CS50 Course](https://cs50.harvard.edu/) as well as my undergraduation. 😉
- 🌱 I’m currently learning not to procastinate. 🙃
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

### **Languages and Tools:**  

<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" alt="VS Code">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" alt="HTML5">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" alt="CSS">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" alt="Python">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/cpp/cpp.png" alt="C++">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" alt="SQL">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/android/android.png" alt="Android">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" alt="Git">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" alt="Github">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" alt="Terminal">
</code>
<code>
    <img width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/ubuntu/ubuntu.png" alt="Ubuntu">
</code>

---

### ⚡ **View my Github Stats** ⚡

<br/>

![Apoorva's Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ApoorvaKashyap&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=onedark&hide=prs)
